<!--yml
category: 未分类
date: 2024-06-12 19:56:25
-->

# Aphrodite Devotional Prayer to Bring Love – Spells8

> 来源：[https://spells8.com/aphrodite-devotional/#0001-01-01](https://spells8.com/aphrodite-devotional/#0001-01-01)

She protects spouses, brings fertility and is present during childbirth. Her attributes are the secrets of the maidens, the smiles, the deceptions, the pleasure, the love and the sweetness. Her favorite animals are pigeons. Her plants are rose and myrtle.

Aphrodite has numerous equivalents: Inanna in Sumerian mythology, Astarte in the Phoenician one, Turan in the Etruscan and [Venus](https://spells8.com/venus-devotional/) in the Roman. According to Greek geographer Pausanias, the first to establish her cult were the Assyrians.

One way to worship Aphrodite or any deity is by making small offerings to the Goddess every day. Set up an altar where you may have an offertory bowl into which the offering is placed. Typical offerings include food as well as incense or precious objects such as jewelry.

You can also craft your own offerings, as dedicating time and energy is a form of devotion to your deity:

Heavenly, smiling Aphrodite,
praised in many hymns,

Sea-born, revered goddess of
generation, you like the night-long revel,

And you couple lovers at night, O
scheming mother of Necessity.

Everything comes from you; you
have yoked the world and you control all three realms.

You give birth to all, to
everything in heaven, upon fruitful earth,

And in the depths of the sea, O
venerable companion of Bacchus.

You delight in festivities, O
bride-like mother of the Erotes,

O persuasion whose joy is in the
bed of love, secretive giver of grace,

Visible and invisible,
lovely-tressed daughter of a noble father.

Bridal feast companion of the
gods, sceptered she-wolf,

Beloved and man-loving giver of
birth and of life,

With your maddening love-charms
you yoke mortals,

And the many races of beasts to
unbridled passion.

Come, O goddess born in Cyprus,
whether you are on Olympos, O queen,

Exulting in the beauty of your
face, or you wander in Syria, country of fine frankincense,

Or, yet, driving your golden
chariot in the plain,

You lord it over Egypt’s fertile
river bed.

I want to be able to receive your
love, your joy,

To be blessed by your fresh water.

May the forces and energies of
your gaze come to me, my Mother, Aphrodite.

And pour your water over me and my
partner.

I want to be able to feel this
love for the rest of my life

And that my partner feels the same
for me, living in harmony in all ways of love.

Help me recover the love of that
person,

Let them feel respect, love and
loyalty for me.

Let them heal the wounds of the
past, remembering the good times we had together.

Join our lives again, guide us on
the right path.

Away from all evil and everything
that separated us.

Let this union be restored and let
harmony and love reign in our home.

You are my guide so that I can be
all love, wisdom, health.

I want to enjoy your water and
bathe in it,

Because you bless me with your
sweet water.

You are the beautiful goddess who
I trust, with your dove of love.

Heavenly, smiling Aphrodite, I
thank you for hearing my plea.

I thank you, whether you ride your
swan-drawn chariot over the sea’s billows,

Joying in the creatures of the
deep as they dance in circles,

Or you delight in the company of
the dark-faced nymphs on land,

As light-footed, they frisk over
the sandy beaches.

I thank you, O blessed one, and
immortal,

Beautiful and comely goddess.

And I will be faithful to you with
my holy words and pious soul.

So it is now, so mote it be.